The chairman is miserable.
He needs the vice president to be nice to him all day long.
I didn't expect that people didn't care about him at all.
If people in the company knew about it. Then his face was thrown into it.
Now that I have taught him a lesson today. Everyone went to keep it a secret.
I let people go and see people. The little woman is too good.
Who told you to pretend to be kind? Li Jiaojiao.
Don't think you won today. I'm not done with you.
President. On weekdays, you are always stupid and show off to Mrs. Cai.
No one has ever cared about you.
You were obviously wrong today. Why should you hold on to it?
Let you go. All right. fine.
I still have an appointment today, so I’ll leave first.
You can afford to buy a building and drive a luxury car.
I guess this is just an invisibility feature.
So understanding of life and attentive